I'm going to review how to tie a seat
harness with one inch tubular webbing
climbing rated at 4,000 pounds here we
have about 20 feet of 1 inch tubular
webbing what you're going to do is
you're going to take the two ends and
you're going to pull out about three
feet of one end so it makes that wind
three feet longer than the other you're
going to fold the two over so you can
find the midpoint of the remaining
webbing once you find that point you
take the shorter of the two ends and you
put that on your right side your body
and the longer side on your left side
your body take that midpoint put it over
your neck nice and flat against your
body then you're going to step up over
the webbing all right then you're going
to take the webbing one leg at a time
around from my right leg bring it
forward take the other side found on my
left leg bring it forward you're going
to take the two ends put it inside the
loop going over your head put this one
in the side the Lukoil my whole left
side you're going to double check make
sure all the weapons flap around your
leg my left leg and up and over my neck
once you're confident that that is flat
you can take the loop that's over your
head take your head out of it and begin
to pull the slack out of it by pulling
the two ends you're going to get that
loop down with another your just below
your belt line there and then pull it
nice and tight and you're going to pull
it out and around your hips keep it as
flat as possible try not to put twists
in the webbing as you're going around
your waist just once I'm going to go
around a second time and stop on a right
hip okay so one on the right hip the
long one continues around and we can
just tuck it in to this webbing over
here my leg so it doesn't fall to the
ground yeah that one we're going to tie
the first half of the water knot around
all the webbing around your waist so you
tie the overhand knot and
leave it loose so that you can retrace
the water not with the other half of the
webbing take the end that you tucked in
your left leg there you take it out and
you're going to retrace that water not
to complete it
so you're going to take it follow it
around all of the webbing that's going
around your waist retracing it backwards
so you complete the water we're going to
dress the not making sure all the
webbing so nice and flat okay
and you're going to finish it off with a
safety knot on each end around all the
webbing overhand knot there I'm going to
hang out on this side that completes the
seat harness and then you can take your
carabiner your locking carabiner open a
gate you always connect through the loop
that goes over your head and all of the
loops are going on your waist from the
bottom up goes the gate then you can
spin it shut there you have